The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
Yet the act is still charming here .
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
Dramas like this make it human .
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
You 'll probably love it .
`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
The actors are fantastic .
They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
This is n't a new idea .
It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
An absurdist spider web .
If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
I will be .
It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
Familiar but utterly delightful .
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .
The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
It 's not a great monster movie .
But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
Chomp chomp !
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
Duvall is strong as always .
A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
Poignant and delicately complex .
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
Cho 's timing is priceless .
